Update 4.x Packages badges (#5929)
ethereum/web3.js: packages/web3/README.md

![ES Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/ES-2020-yellow)
![Node Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/node-14.x-green)
[![NPM Package][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Downloads][downloads-image]][npm-url]

> This is the main package of [web3.js](https://github.com/ChainSafe/web3.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main package of [web3.js](repo).
```
